Project Summary

“Van-School” application, aiming to provide our users with a comprehensive view of schools in Vancouver, offers various user-oriented functions and enables users to quickly and accurately target schools with specific features such as locations, programs offered, religious affiliation, etc. In addition to that, users can interact with each other by sharing their reviews for schools and rate schools depending on their own preference. Don’t hesitate to discover “Van-School” when you are at a loss on how to select the perfect school for you.
 
  To get started with the application, the user can first login with the account username and password. With an account, the user can edit personal information or upload profile picture. Having completed user information, a ranking list of all schools in Vancouver will be displayed. The user can then select any particular area and filter schools according to programs offered or other features. If there is a school of interest, add that school into the user’s favorites and retrieve that anytime you want! After clicking on a school in the list, the user will be directed to the school page with information about school location, programs offered, religious affiliation and gender access. Not only can users acquire school information from the page, they can also rate schools to affect the overall school ranking in the application or make critical reviews as references for other users. Moreover, users can press a ‘Like’ button and share schools on Facebook. Doesn’t that sound brilliant?! Wait for our grand launch of “Van-School“ in December!
